hey everyone welcome to clever movies
i'm amanda jana with the latest status
update on the social network directed by
David Fincher and written by Aaron
Sorkin the film centers around the
popular social networking site Facebook
Mark Zuckerberg created the site as a
sophomore at Harvard in 2004 now the
social networking giant has over 400
million members worldwide the film
retraces Facebook's early days with
Jesse Eisenberg playing the infamous CEO
while Justin Timberlake joins the cast
as Sean Parker the Napster co-founder
who went on to become Facebook's
founding president the teaser trailer
gives us a look at the cast without
featuring any scenes from the upcoming
film
here's your sneak peek I think I've come
up with something that's good that looks
really good it's gonna be online in a
second so should we say that you first
just a couple of people question is
where they gonna send it to safe got
2,200 years within two hours thousand
22,000 you called me a bitch on the
internet doesn't anybody have a sense of
humor the Internet's about written in
pencil mark it's written in maybe you
shouldn't shut it down we get into
trouble stall our website they're saying
we stole the Facebook I know what it
says so did we they came to me with an
idea I had a better one Facebook girls
yeah this idea he's pretentious they're
worth millions of dollars million
million dollars isn't cool you know
what's cool you a billion dollars we
don't need him let's sue him in federal
court only to get left behind moving
faster than any of us never imagined
behind gentlemen of Hartford you don't
sue people this is our time it's gonna
be like I'm not a part of face you're
not a part of Facebook I can't wait to
stand over your shoulder and once you
write us she's there anything that you
need interactions could have permanently
destroyed everything I've been working
bees have been one do you like being a
joke do you want to go back to dark
you better lawyer up because I'm coming
back for everything the film also stars
the new spider-man Andrew Garfield let
us know if you'll be in line for the
film's debut in the comments section
below and join our social network by
following us on Twitter at clever movies
I'm Amanda Jeter we'll see you next time